>> Lukas Ruebbelke: Let's
go into the big picture.
So, this is the equivalent of
a table of contents for Angular 2.
And unfortunately Mark changed
his business model, so
this joke doesn't work anymore, but
this is kind of the, I tell people,
if you're going to come to the workshop.
And you're gonna space out for
the entire workshop.
So, your boss is making you come,
you don't wanna be here.
Pay attention to this module, because then
when they say, how did the workshop go?
You just have to recite what you heard
here, and you'll sound smart and
like you're giving them a good
return on their investment.
Also the reason why I've done, I've kind
of front loaded this particular module is,
because when I get the slides that
this serves as a good reference point.
So, first and
foremost let's talk about Angular 2,
so this is why Angular
2 according to Lukas.
These are the things that I really,
really.
Like about Angular 2.
So, I was doing Angular 1.x at 0.9,
so I don't know how
many people remember, but there was
actually this really horrible yellow, and
purple website when
Angular 1 first came out.
And it actually wasn't even
Angular 1 at the time, it was 0.9.
And there was this huge learning
curve over the last three, and
four years of people learning how to
build large scale web applications
in Angular without hurting somebody,
or putting somebody in the hospital.
Well, some patterns begin to
emerge is we begin to learn.
And the Angular 2 team, or the Angular
team said, let's take this best practices,
and let's just make these
essentially the thing in Angular 2.
So, the framework just encourages you to
basically adopt the best practices
that we learn from Angular 1
as well as we even pulled in best
practices from even other frameworks.
So, the fact that we're
using the Angular CLI, well,
that comes from a collaboration with
the Amber CLI, so super awesome.
Even the component driven
architecture that we have right now
with container components,
presentation components, and the way
that we think about even data flow in our
application, well, that comes from react.
And so, those ideas have been not
only imported into Angular 1.x,
but they're just encouraged
by default in Angular 2.
So, we do not have to go back and
relearn those lessons,
because Angular 2 just kind of pushes
us gently in the right direction.
As well as focusing on standards we
get the power in half the frame work.
So, in Angular dot X, we had a lot
of things like NG Clip, NG Submit.
NG mouse over, NG swipe left,
NG this, NG all the things.
Well, in Angular 2, we have one completely
rewritten the eventing framework, or
the way that we handle events, the binding
syntax, so that we actually can capture
just the dom events that are emitted from
the browser and bind to those directly.
So, the binding syntax has expanded,
but as a result,
that leverages essentially the browser,
and essentially the standards that exist.
And from there, the framework, itself,
the footprint is a lot smaller, but
we get twice the power,
because we're just letting the browser,
we're letting JavaScript, and essentially,
the native things do the work.
Yes.
>> Speaker 2: So, question from Javier.
Are we going to experience cryptic
error message as Angular 1 had?
If so, are we going to learn some
patterns to identify those error
messages?
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, the Angular team
is, the answer is maybe.
So, the Angular team has actually put a
lot of work into making the error messages
in Angular 2 a lot better.
So, one, by using TypeScript, that you
already get pretty good error messages.
So, if you do something wrong.
And TypeScript doesn't like it,
then it's going to catch that.
Is well as they're most of the time,
I find them to be pretty helpful,
the error messages.
Where it gets totally wonky for
disclosure is if you run into like
something that involves zone Js.
And that is kind of a zone Js error,
I think, it's like, zone, zone,
zone, zone, zone, zone, zone, zone,
zone, zone, zone all the way down.
You're like,
I don't even know what happened here.
So, the error messages are much better,
and
we will get helpful tips on how to
handle those as I throw them in
my demonstrations unintentionally,
because they will happen.
So, their messages are better,
it's something that they're
taking very seriously.
They were super bad in Angular 1.
Actually, they're better now,
but they were really,
really, really bad two and
three years ago.
So, dramatically improved
changed detection.
So, this was actually, I think,
one of the biggest, I think,
this was the Achilles heel in Angular 1.
And I think, in most cases Angular
1 performance was not an issue, but
it was an easy target,
and it was really easy to
put Angular 1 changed detection in
to kind of a non-performant state.
Well, they've completely redone
changed detection Angular 2,
and it's much, much faster.
And it's a lot simpler to
reason in the sense of that
it just kind of works behind the scenes,
and you don't have to worry about it.
But it's much faster, and
not only the change detach being faster,
Angular 2 is really focused on speed and
performance.
So, how fast the application loads.
So, for instance,
with ahead of time compilation.
That in a focus on basing
mobile that the applications,
they want the footprint to be super
small and the apps will look like this,
but as well as the application is running,
it continues to be performant.
And so, there's a lot of cycles going
into how do we do large applications that
are fast.
And they perform well.
When I say relentless this is pretty much
like something they've just spent hours,
and hours, and hours on trying to
make this as fast as possible.
So, this is my favorite
reactive mechanisms
baked right into the frame work.
And so, what I mean by this is when you
have, a piece of data and it changes.
Well, how did you communicate that
communicate that to the rest of your
application?
Well, so that's a real challenge.
Especially if you have a piece of data
that is shared by more than one thing.
So, if you have two components with
a single piece of data that this changes,
or one changes it here,
how do you communicate it over here?
So.
Angular 2 is built with absorbables, or
full support absorbables,
which is completely awesome.
And what this allows you to
do is when something changes,
you can communicate that to your
application into your components in so
much, even right into your templates, and
the state changes go right into
your templates for it to render.
So, we'll see some more of this tomorrow,
but also in the Reactive workshop.
This is a game changer in terms of
minimizing state, code volume, and
flow control within your application.
And finally, team work.
So, if you remember two,
three, four years ago,
the rhetoric around frameworks
was really I want to say toxic.
There was a lot of, this framework is
better than this one, this framework's
dad is going to beat up your framework's
dad, and I think, it's not just helpful.
And we're starting to see kind of this
convergence of people realizing that 'Hey,
we can work on a framework, you can work
on a framework, we can share ideas and
we can propel The web forward.
Because when one framework wins,
I think, everybody wins.
And more importantly it's not
about frameworks winning,
it's about developers winning.
And I think, to get into this whole
framework for this framework, I think,
it's myopic,
that ultimately you want to write
put tools in developers hands that help
them create things that matter, faster.
And so, again, the Angular CLI came
from a collaboration with the Amber CLI.
So, the thought of, honestly,
Angular and Amber team working together,
three years ago, [SOUND].
I mean,
that was a gang fight waiting to happen.
Well, not really, but
it was a little tense, and
there's a lot of, I think,
negative rhetoric in Twitter, whatever.
But even the Angular team working
with the React team in talking, and
sharing ideas, and
I think, it's fantastic.